Hurry up and go.
Don't be in such a rush to leave.
The show isn't over yet.
What are you doing?
I'll deal with you later.
Lang Jiu.
Don't push it too far.
I am bullying you.
So what?
Boss Lady, what are you doing?
I was...
following Boss Nan's orders...
to deal with this...
stubborn fool.
Have you forgotten?
Your face isn't worth anything.
But her face is worth a lot.
You should know...
what happens when you disobey Boss Nan.
B-B-Boss Lady, Boss Lady.
It's not what it looks like.
Let me explain.
He... he... he...
I'm not the one you should explain to.
Get lost, now.
Yes.
Let's go.
Thank you.
I'm not helping you.
I advise you not to play the hero.
Just go back to delivering your takeout like a good boy.
Are you really not Wei Wei?
I won't say it a third time.
I don't want to hear that name again.
Boss Lady.
The password has been cracked.
I got it.
You two.
Watch yourselves.
Boss Nan, the password is cracked.
Go up.
Verification code eighty-five.
Sixty-five.
Eighty-eight.
Pass.
Eliminated.
I will lose weight.
Please give me a chance.
Nine Heavens Media's anchor selection.
Boss Nan.
Boss Nan, you're so bad.
You're back.
What did you want to see me about?
A big star's face won't be worth much if it's ruined.
Lang Jiu's style...
is bound to cost a life sooner or later.
Look.
Don't worry.
Lang Jiu doesn't have the guts for that yet.
Stop making a fuss.
Lang Jiu has disobeyed orders more than once.
I think he'll lose control sooner or later.
If this goes on...
Nine Heavens Media's business...
You're crossing the line.
Don't interfere in Nine Heavens' affairs.
I will discipline Lang Jiu myself.
Go back and rest early.
This face of yours...
I still have other uses for it.
Jiang Nanshuo.
One day...
I will make your life a living hell.
Boss Nan.
Who does she think she is?
Wearing that sour face...
acting all innocent and virtuous in front of you.
My woman...
is not for you to comment on.
Is Boss Nan role-playing again?
How much resemblance are you going for this time?
Seven points?
Or eight points?
This is the color that belongs to you.
Do you know?
The resemblance...
So alike.
Worthy of being the one I hand-picked.
I chased after you for so long ten years ago
But why...
Why did you choose that worthless scooter rider?
How am I not as good as him?
Since I can't have you...
Then I'll destroy you too.
Say it.
I want to hear you say it.
That the one you love is me.
Not that loser Cheng Ye.
Say it!
Do we have to play this game every time?
Fine.
I'll say it.
The one I love is you...
Jiang Nanshuo.
Don't be in such a hurry...
Boss Nan.
What did you call me?
Wei Wei wouldn't call me that.
A-Shuo.
You're not Wei Wei.
You're not her.
Get out!
Get the hell out!
I...
Of course I'm not.
No...
Don't interrupt me.
Jiang Nanshuo.
For the past ten years...
I've witnessed so many girls like me...
...who have been harmed.
Their lives are a struggle in the darkness...
...with no one to hear their cries.
I've endured humiliation by your side all these years...
...just to completely destroy...
...your filthy supply chain.
To let the light...
...shine into every corner you've covered up.
The time to destroy you has finally come.
The game...
...has begun.